README.md, before:

# BullScript [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mxcl/bs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mxcl/bs)

BullScript compiles to Javascript.

Alpha Quality
=============
The test-suite no doubt has holes. So you may have to fix some bugs if you use
it at this stage. Development of BS stalled due to other engagements, but when
we stopped devleoping it, it was working well!

Examples & Usage
================
http://mxcl.github.com/bs/

Inline HTML Caveats
===================
You have to cleanly terminate your HTML tags. This is how the parser
determines where HTML ends. So if you start with a `<div>`, end with a `</div>`.
Though having said this, we understand tags like `<img>` too. Also you can do
this:

```js
var a = <div>foo</div>
        <b>blah</b>
var b = 2;
```

Additionally, (currently) the parser will be confused by JavaScript of this
kind:

```js
if (a <bc) { bar(); }
```

Heck, the above even breaks Sublime Text’s Markdown syntax highlighting.


License
=======
I, Max Howell the copyright holder of this work, hereby release it into the
public domain. This applies worldwide.

In case this is not legally possible, I grant any entity the right to use this
work for any purpose, without any conditions, unless such conditions are
required by law.

Commit message:

Added link to newer project called bullscript

README.md, after:

THIS PROJECT IS NO LONGER MAINTAINED.

You may be looking for the newer language by the same name here [https://github.com/phil-daniels/bullscript](https://github.com/phil-daniels/bullscript)

# BullScript [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mxcl/bs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mxcl/bs)

BullScript compiles to Javascript.

Alpha Quality
=============
The test-suite no doubt has holes. So you may have to fix some bugs if you use
it at this stage. Development of BS stalled due to other engagements, but when
we stopped devleoping it, it was working well!

Examples & Usage
================
http://mxcl.github.com/bs/

Inline HTML Caveats
===================
You have to cleanly terminate your HTML tags. This is how the parser
determines where HTML ends. So if you start with a `<div>`, end with a `</div>`.
Though having said this, we understand tags like `<img>` too. Also you can do
this:

```js
var a = <div>foo</div>
        <b>blah</b>
var b = 2;
```

Additionally, (currently) the parser will be confused by JavaScript of this
kind:

```js
if (a <bc) { bar(); }
```

Heck, the above even breaks Sublime Text’s Markdown syntax highlighting.


License
=======
I, Max Howell the copyright holder of this work, hereby release it into the
public domain. This applies worldwide.

In case this is not legally possible, I grant any entity the right to use this
work for any purpose, without any conditions, unless such conditions are
required by law.
